genus mas tarde que dijo palagi de la
voix TV fashion police ajl Rica for
young people nema episode 2 ah sorry
Nikita a community christian born under
protective armor topographic axis and
fragile ID as I recovered to support a
special fashion blogger Monica Fenty
society has been Tulagi somebody Nassif
illogical Abu Khan feel for them to read
yeah look anything like his name again I
see young nor quoi yeah nice dress ok
makeup cranky
yeah by two foot
alright
okay thanks I think England wow she
looks at a younger Jennifer Lopez who
decide she did very well with the dress
you're nice I find I like nothing like
you tilt and imagine she did this
herself dude I'm big shot costs and use
current she's gonna really nice i'ma
shower I like someone press boy inside
why not I mean it was looking for the
occasion yes my sister's mia y para yeah
I told me if I resume BTW concepts of
commemoration
negative personality the opinion for
back stiffness I got a copy okay I need
you ah good evening young designers
hello designers of living it up maybe
the concept beer okay it's very far as
gala very parallel Sarah you know what
you're bad with the crinkly eyes or so
yeah yeah okay I'm not for me but your
wedding it's a fashion disaster I knew
it another valium sort of your fantasies
I think one day she will find just like
you know you find the right designer
friend coup Roman is a new consumer this
always that you can actually modify it
if two more fashionable the Bastille is
still about you can we talk about you
that she's still finding over to Brandis
out that she actually supports what you
put away with your job okay my name's
Carter Carter alrighty wonderful kind
okay actus reus near idea
and also the best I would say the silver
goes well I was wrong yeah it's all
right
possible okay i think the Dorothea
rush I like the two
the dress is colorful and it's fun and
it's a very disco ish nice but it's--but
abuse
all of it doesn't get sent to it yeah
so what Michigan where floor it's loose
like that because
body shiver and
seems like an x 23 yup
be more careful of the floor 2nd century
go on wake up man rather than your foot
and it looks like okay I can see you
going together
I like ho ho
I like my nose though I like the bike
you back and look at the shoes nice
beautiful shoes best days of fighting
yep better so far yeah the color wrong
with you and I don't like the bad thing
soap i think overall in Talavera no
beans she looks young yes I think nabila
hooga yeah my only favor is this to
people i do dress the occasion
yes dressed location for an average or
Nabila muga internet me enough dressed
up and makes repeated pressure and an
event is called for music ok TV fashion
furnace then finished aluminum cylinder
a lamasery as hot as it carpet young I'm
the Napoles you're going to be walking
on the red carpet so please dress well
if not we'll be commenting about your
dress in quality we fashionista I dress
all size buggy